#summary Call it to end the match. The match will be over when all players called it

{{{
do_agree_on_match_over(finished_players:Array/*PlayerMatchOver*/)
}}}

To end a match, all players must call `do_agree_on_match_over` with the same exact parameters.

`finished_players` is the set of the players that will quit the match.
In the common scenario, `finished_players` contains all the players in the match.
However, it is possible that only a subset of the players end the match (but in any case, all players must call `do_agree_on_match_over`).

Each element of the array `finished_players` is of type `PlayerMatchOver`:
{{{
class PlayerMatchOver { var player_id:int, score:int, pot_percentage:int; }
}}}
`score` determines the winners and losers in the match.
The user with the highest score is the winner, and if all scores are identical than we have a tie.
The rating of the players is affected by the relative differences in the scores.

`pot_percentage` determines how the stake (or betting pot) should be divided among the players,
and it is a number between -1 and 100.
If `pot_percentage` is -1, then the player should get his stake back (e.g., if the game was tied).
Otherwise, `pot_percentage` represents the percentage of the pot that the player should receive.

For example, suppose you have 3 players with `player_ids`=41, 42, 43. 
Suppose user_id=42 ended the match with score 90, and he should get 20% of the pot.
Then all the players (users 41, 42, 43) should call:
{{{
  do_agree_on_match_over([ new PlayerMatchOver(42, 90, 20) ])
}}}
Now users 41 and 43 continue to play, 
and the match is over with the score=100 to user_id=41, and score=10 to user_id=43,
and you wish to give 90% of the pot to user 41.
Then all players (users 41 and 43) should call:
{{{
  do_agree_on_match_over([ new PlayerMatchOver(41, 100, 10) , new PlayerMatchOver(43, 10, 10) ])
}}}