#summary Call it to end the match. The match will be over when all players called it

{{{
doAllEndMatch(finishedPlayers:Array/*PlayerMatchOver*/)
}}}

To end a match, all players must call `doAllEndMatch` with the same exact parameters.

When any player calls `doAllEndMatch`, the current turn is over (relevant only to turn-based games).

`finishedPlayers` is the set of the players that will quit the match.
In the common scenario, `finishedPlayers` contains all the players in the match.
However, it is possible that only a subset of the players end the match (but in any case, all players must call `doAllEndMatch`).

Each element of the array `finishedPlayers` is of type `PlayerMatchOver`:
{{{
class PlayerMatchOver { var playerId:int, score:int, potPercentage:int; }
}}}
`score` determines the winners and losers in the match.
The user with the highest score is the winner, and if all scores are identical than we have a tie.
The rating of the players is affected by the relative differences in the scores.

`potPercentage` determines how the stake (or betting pot) should be divided among the players,
And it is a number between -1 and 100.
If `potPercentage` is -1, then the player should get his stake back (e.g., if the game was tied).
Otherwise, `potPercentage` represents the percentage of the pot that the player should receive.

For example, suppose you have 3 players with `playerIds`=41, 42, 43. 
Suppose userId=42 ended the match with score 90, and he should get 20% of the pot.
Then all the players (users 41, 42, 43) should call:
{{{
  doAllEndMatch([ PlayerMatchOver.create(42, 90, 20) ])
}}}
Now users 41 and 43 continue to play, 
The match is over with the score=100 to userId=41, and score=10 to userId=43,
In addition you wish to give 90% of the pot to user 41.
In this case all players (users 41 and 43) should call:
{{{
  doAllEndMatch([ PlayerMatchOver.create(41, 100, 10) , PlayerMatchOver.create(43, 10, 10) ])
}}}
