#summary Called to pass general info, e.g., URL of a logo for branding your game

{{{
gotCustomInfo(infoEntries:Array/*InfoEntry*/)  
}}}

=== Description ===

`gotCustomInfo` is the second callback called when the game starts
this callback is used to transfer custom information regarding the game.
such as the game's : frameRate,width,height,x position in the container, y position in the container etc.



=== Parameters received===

infoEntries -  an Array of [InfoEntry] elements, each containing a key and its corresponding value.


=== Available keys===

All keys provided have a static String representing them in the [ClientGameAPI], the available static string are:

1. *CUSTOM_INFO_KEY_myUserId :* represents the unique user Id of the player.

2. *CUSTOM_INFO_KEY_logoFullUrl :*  represents a full URL (starting with `http://`) 
That points to a logo SWF or Jpg file of 70x70 pixels in diameter, preferably vector based.

The game should place the logo in various places in the game
(e.g., in every square in a TicTacToe game, or on every Chess piece, etc)


Because the logo is vector based,
it can be placed in a rectangular space of any size,
e.g., if you want to put the logo in a 40x40 space, 
Then modify the logo movie clip (called `logoMovieClip`):
  {{{
  logoMovieClip._xscale = 40;
  logoMovieClip._yscale = 40;
  }}}
 
3. * CUSTOM_INFO_KEY_gameStageX :* - represents the x value where the game is positioned in the container, because the container holds many features such as a chat,
turn time, playing users and more. therefore your game will not always be positioned at x = 0 and y = 0,and then in case you want to make calculations
based on the absolute stageX and StageY you should subtract these values

4.*CUSTOM_INFO_KEY_gameStageY :       * - represents the y value where the game is positioned in the container. see explanation above.

5.*CUSTOM_INFO_KEY_gameHeight :       * - represents the height at which the game will be shown( in case you game can be stretched and shrinked)

6.*CUSTOM_INFO_KEY_gameWidth :        * -represents the width at which the game will be shown( in case you game can be stretched and shrinked)

7.*CUSTOM_INFO_KEY_gameFrameRate :    * - represents the frame rate at which your game will run.

 
8.*CUSTOM_INFO_KEY_secondsPerMove :  * - represents the amount of second's allotted to each move in the game in games where [doAllSetTurn] `milliSecondsInTurn` is set to -1  

9.*CUSTOM_INFO_KEY_secondsPerMatch : * - represents the amount of seconds allotted to the entire game


=== Example ===

In a game of TicTacToe, changing all the cell backgrounds into a specified logo

{{{
override gotCustomInfo(infoEntries:Array/*InfoEntry*/):void
{
  var logoURL:String = T.custom(CUSTOM_INFO_KEY_logoFullUrl,"");
  /*
    and then loading the logoURL into all the game squares
  */
}
}}}