#summary Called to pass user specific info, e.g., user name or avatar

{{{
gotUserInfo(userId:int, infoEntries:Array/*InfoEntry*/) 
}}}

=== Description ===

`gotUserInfo` is called for each user connecting to the game, and transferees the user's specific data, such as: name, avatar, credibility etc.
it will be called for each user that connects (whether that user will be a player or viewer), and whenever the user info changes (e.g., if the user changed his nick name).

see also [gotUserDisconnected]

=== Parameters received===

userId - the userId of the user the call is about.

infoEntries -  an Array of [InfoEntry] elements, each containing a key and its corresponding value.

=== Available keys===

All keys provided have a static String representing them in the [ClientGameAPI], the available static string are:

  #. *USER_INFO_KEY_name :*  The nick name of the user.
  #. *USER_INFO_KEY_avatar_url :* Full URL of the avatar of the user.
  #. *USER_INFO_KEY_supervisor :* What is the supervisor status of this user (either! NormalUser, MiniSupervisor, Supervisor, or Admin).
  #. *USER_INFO_KEY_credibility :* The credibility of the user is a number between 0 and 100.
  #. *USER_INFO_KEY_game_rating:* The skill of the user in the specific game, when 1500 means neutral

===Important note 1:===

The game may not get `gotUserInfo` for all the `userIds` in the match state of some games, because some users may have already disconnected.

For example, imagine a game of poker with 5 players, where 2 players disconnected, and now the game is saved.

When the game is loaded by the remaining 3 players, then the game will get:
 * `gotUserInfo` for the 3 players that loaded the saved game,
 * [gotMatchStarted] where `allPlayerIds` includes the 5 players and `finishedPlayerIds` is the 2 players that disconnected and `serverEntries` that includes also the state those 2 players that disconnected.

Therefore the game should not _require_ the existence of [userInfo] to display the match state, and if some info is missing, the game should use default values.

===Important note 2:===

The container may decide to do a _player switch_,
i.e., replace a player (that disconnected or chose to lose) by a viewer.

In such a case, the container will simply replace the `userId` of the viewer by the `userId` of the player, and will simply call `gotUserInfo` with the info of the viewer.

Therefore you should not store user info in the match state, see [doStoreState].