#summary A comparison between testing in the Emulator and testing online

Note that testing online and on the emulator have differences, and the game should always be tested online as well.

This is a list of known differences:
  * Network delay:
  Online you have network delay and might have network errors.
  We simulated network delay on the emulator.
  * Loading process: 
  A flash SWF starts running even before it was downloaded completely.
  You should call [doRegisterOnServer] only after your SWF is ready to start a match.
  In the emulator the loading is instant because the SWF is stored locally. 
  * Spamming protection:
  The online server has spamming protection, i.e.,   if your game sends too many messages too quickly then the server will ignore them.
  Similarly, if the messages are too big, the server may throw them as well.
  Therefore, make your messages smaller than 1KB, and try grouping messages together to avoid sending too many messages too quickly.
  * Games for 3-players or more:
  Currently our platform only supports 2 players with multiple viewers.
  We plan to support multiple players in about 3 months.
  The API is general for any number of players, so you may develop a game for 3 players or more, but it will be available online only in 3 months.
  In 2-player games, when one player disconnects the game ends.
  In 3-player games, the game may continue. Handling such cases is tricky and should be done with care. 
  In the future, the emulator will allow testing for a user disconnecting.
