#summary A multiplayer API using both client-side and server-side code

If security is critical in your game, then you should consider using ScriptGameAPI.
With server-side logic, you can guarantee that there is a central script the ensures that all players follow the same protocol.

Your game will have two components:
  * Server: In the server you include your server-side logic (in ASP, PHP, or any other scripting language) that processes HTTP/1.1 GET requests from the clients (passing through Come2Play’s server).
  * Client: the client will run your game SWF.

These are the entities envolved:
  * Client: running the _game_ and _container_ SWFs, connected via [LocalConenction].
  * Server: connected with the _container_ over TCP (may use either XMLSocket, Socket, RTMP, or RTMPT).
  * Script: connected with the Server over HTTP.

ScriptGameAPI consists of two protocols:
  * [ScriptGameAPI_Server_Script Server-Script] communication over HTTP.
  * _game_ and _container_ communication, in a similar way to [ClientGameAPI]. The differences are described below.

The changes from ClientGameAPI are as follows:
Removed these:
{{{
do_agree_on_match_over
do_start_my_turn
do_end_my_turn
do_client_protocol_error_with_description
}}}
And added these:
{{{
do_send_to_script(message:String)
got_from_script(type:String, player_id:user_id, message:String)
got_error_in_script_output(timed_out_url:Array/*String*/, url:String, url_output:String, url_output_headers:String, error_message:String)
}}}



{{{
do_send_to_script(message:String)
}}}
Calls the script and pass to it the string `message`.
Only players can call this method.
The script can pass back messages to any of the players and viewers, set the timeouts, and determine who is the winner.


{{{
got_from_script(type:String, player_id:user_id, message:String)
}}}
`message` is a string sent from the script to this player/viewer.

`type` explains what was the message that was sent to the script:
  * `type`=msg_to_new_viewer	 : when a viewer joins the game, the server sends him the latest msg_to_new_viewer
  * `type`=msg_to_viewer	: when the script replied with msg_to_viewer
  * `type`=msg_to_player	: when the script replied with msg_to_player 
  * `type`=msg_to_all		: when the script replied with msg_to_all
  * `type`=msg_to_me		: when the script replied with msg_to_COLOR

`player_id` is the user_id of the player that sent the message (using `do_send_to_script`), or -1 in case the message is new_game or load_game or `type`=msg_to_new_viewer.





{{{
got_error_in_script_output(timed_out_url:Array/*String*/, url:String, url_output:String, url_output_headers:String, error_message:String)
}}}

`timed_out_url` includes urls that timed out, i.e., didn't return any output in 2 seconds.
`timed_out_url` may be an empty array.

`error_message` is an error message or a stack trace showing the error.

`url` is the url that returned the erroneous output,
and `url_output` is the erroneous output.
Both `url`, `url_output`, and `url_output_headers` may be null.

For example, in TicTacToe, if a user sends an illegal message to the script, 
then the script may produce illegal output.
When the script produces an illegal output, then:
* if msg_type=made_move (the user called `do_send_to_script`), then the user that sent that illegal message loses (with reason=SCRIPT_ERROR).
* otherwise, the game ends with SCRIPT_ERROR, the match is saved, and all the stakes are returned like in calling `do_client_protocol_error`.
E.g., suppose the 1th player calls `do_send_to_script` with "aX2" instead of "2X2",
then the server may call this `url`:
{{{
  http://www.come2play.com/Shared/java_calls/api/TicTacToeGameLogic.asp?milli_time_stamp=123&msg_type=made_move&from_color_id=1&msg=aX2&old_game_state=WWEWEEBBE&stakes=9
}}}
And the `url_output` will be an ASP error:
{{{
  Microsoft VBScript runtime error '800a000d' 
  Type mismatch: '[string: "a"]' 
  /Shared/java_calls/api/TicTacToeGameLogic.asp, line 106 
}}}

You can see the headers the script returned in `url_output_headers`.
The only important Header that the server must have is
`Content-Length: ...`
Make sure your script returns this header correctly by using buffering, e.g., in ASP do:
`Response.Buffer = true`