#summary Table of contents: Multiplayer API, emulator, and tutorials

This wiki contains documentation about the Multiplayer API, the emulator, and tutorials for creating multiplayer games in flash.
This project main target audience is game developers that wish to create new multiplayer flash games, or to convert single-player flash games to multiplayer.

The Multiplayer API is a bridge between two parties:
 * *Game developers*, that develop a _game_ as a SWF
 * *Websites that host games*, that develop a _container_ that includes the _game_ SWF.
The _game_ and _container_ communicate using a LocalConnection, and thus each can use either AS2 or AS3.


How to use this project:
 * Read the wiki pages
 * [http://code.google.com/p/multiplayer-api/downloads/list Download] the emulator, and start developing your game! If you wish to be up-to-date, you can also checkout the latest version from the SVN: https://multiplayer-api.googlecode.com/svn/trunk
 * Look at the [http://code.google.com/p/multiplayer-api/issues/list issue tracker] to check for future releases, bugs, and requested features.
 * Mailing list: If you join, you will receive emails from codesite-noreply@google.com
 These are the current mailing lists:
  * [http://groups.google.com/group/multiplayer-api Game developers]
  * [http://groups.google.com/group/multiplayer-api-developers API and Emulator developers]    
  * [http://groups.google.com/group/multiplayer-api-svn-commit SVN commits]     
  * [http://groups.google.com/group/multiplayer-api-issue-changes Issue changes]

How to contribute:
 * Comment on the wiki pages, create issues, request enhancements, reports bugs, etc
 * Join the mailing list, and help other developers with problems
 * Become a project member, and help us write the wiki pages, add new games, create more game tutorials, create videos of using the emulator
 * Become an API or Emulator developer, and help us add features to the emulator

*License note:*
The API and Emulator are open source, and anyone can use, modify, or distribute them, both in open source projects or in commercial projects. Phrased differently, you may develop commercial games using this API, or develop a commercial container for API games; you do not even have to mention you are using this open source API.


= Multiplayer API =
The Multiplayer API is a set of APIs to develop multiplayer flash games.
Each API is a set of functions in actionscript (AS) that communicate using LocalConnection with a container that should communicate these operations to a multiplayer server. 
The resulting game is a SWF file, written either in actionscript2 (AS2) or actionscript3 (AS3), published for flash version 8 or higher.

The API is open source, and we hope that many companies will endorse it, and game developers will have many places to submit their multiplayer games.
[http://www.come2play.com Come2Play] is a company that freely distribute multiplayer games (as widgets and in social networks) and share the advertising revenue with the game developers.
[http://www.come2play.com Come2Play] officially endorse this API, and has opened sourced its Emulator with the purpose of creating an open source standard for developing multiplayer games that other companies can endorse as well.

[http://www.come2play.com Come2Play] developed a _container_ for games that saves a lot of development time for game developers. 
The _container_ is in charge of:
 * communicating with the gaming server
 * displaying the players and viewers information
 * displaying a common chat area for all users
 * displaying game messages, e.g., if a player disconnects or the match ends
 * allowing the players to bet on the outcome of the game and change the stakes
 * allowing the players to end the match in a tie, to cancel the match, or to save the match
 * handling turn-based games, i.e., limit the time per move or per match, display who has the current turn, who much time he has left to make his move, etc

=== Multiplayer APIs ===
The Multiplayer API will be composed of 3 APIs:
 * [ClientGameAPI] - for developing games using only client-side code.
 * [ScriptGameAPI] - uses both client-side and server-side code.
 * [ConnectedGameAPI] - for single-player games that can be made multiplayer using a small set of functions to report to the server the current state and score.

You should write a class that extends one of the above APIs,
and when your SWF is loaded, it should create one instance of that class.

[MultiplayerAPI_Implementation The Multiplayer API Implementation] describes the internal implementation that uses LocalConnection. The implementation details should not concern game developers, but they are important for websites hosting the games.

The current version of the Emulator only supports [ClientGameAPI].
In the near future the Emulator will support [ScriptGameAPI] and [ConnectedGameAPI].

ClientGameAPI uses only client-side code, and therefore hackers (black-hat players) may be able to send illegal messages to other players
and create a protocol error (see @do_client_protocol_error_with_description).
In case of a protocol error, the game is canceled and the original stakes are returned to all players.

ScriptGameAPI also uses server-side code, in contrast to ClientGameAPI that uses only client-side.
If security is critical in your game, consider using ScriptGameAPI instead.
You will need access to a server that can run server-side logic in a language such as ASP, PHP, Perl, or Java. 

=== AS2 vs AS3 ===
Although AS2 and AS3 have major differences, we tried to abstract away these differences by hiding them behind a LocalConnection and using almost identical signatures for the class ClientGameAPI.
The only difference in the signatures between the AS2 and AS3 versions, is that the type `Number` in AS2 was changed into `int` in AS3, and `void` to `Void`.
The remainder of this wiki describes the AS3 version.
We recommend using AS3 because it is more stable, fast, and easier to debug.

=== FPS ===
Frame per seconds (FPS):
Your game may run in any fps you may choose.
We recommend using less than 40 fps to avoid overloading slow computers.

=== obfuscate ===
We suggest that you encrypt/obfuscate your code to make it difficult for users to crack or steal your code.
There are many programs for that purpose, one of them is Amayeta (http://www.amayeta.com/). 



= Emulator =
When developing your game, you should use the Emulator.
After you finished testing in the emulator, you may submit the game to any company that endorse this multiplayer API.
One such company is [http://www.come2play.com Come2Play].

[Online_vs_Emulator Online testing vs the Emulator] discusses the differences you may find between the emulator and the online version, and common pitfalls.

Coming soon (TODO): a video showing how to use the emulator.

= Creating multiplayer games =
Coming soon (TODO): this section will contain tutorials on creating both turn-based and real-time games.